I'm gonna be wearing this going to Times
Square are you crazy
he's like seven boys all right let me
explain last week we went to New York
City the purpose of our trip was to
discuss some future projects we have in
mind with some people from the African
Leadership Academy the school amar
attended in South Africa but will tell
you more about this in the coming months
while we were in New York we figured
would recreate one of the city's most
renowned pictures VJ day in Times Square
now here's the catch
initially the challenge was for us to
convince the stranger to put a nurse
costume on and take the picture with us
but we felt we were having to ask a
stranger to kiss so Matt and I decided
that Amara was going to be the nurse
this photo was taken on August 14th 1945
just minutes after the news broke out
that Japan had surrendered thus ending
World War two but the history behind the
picture is somewhat confusing many
people claim to be the nurse and even
more claim to be the Sailor but the
basic story behind it seems to be that
the Sailor was so ecstatic to be home
that he read over Twitter's posing for a
picture and just kissed her as weird and
unsettling as the story might be the
case lasted for 10 seconds but the photo
went on to become one of the most iconic
images of the 20th century the photo
that ended World War 2 so we started by
trying to find the exact location of the
kiss and a place to get the costumes
from Times Square has changed so much
the bond yeah no I I there's a
recognizable building here the bond will
be just south of 45th facing north
sounds good buddy and by any chance do
you have a sailor costume yeah I think
you're in the Martian are we created and
you should find a girl recreated with
what what just friends imagine Amarna
period dress you're ready to go but the
best part is Amara still has no idea of
what's about to happen I mean I'm sure
like as long as it's secure respectful
I'm sure any girl would be I would be
okay with refraining and bringing
tomorrow night to a costume store is
never a good idea who's your carpet what
if I have this they're good
like we are the biggest children in the
store the most dangerous store to bring
you guys they're just a TD I've been
walking trying to get out of here three
times and I come back and you do spot
literally lock me in no I locked him
look at him okay you kick him out but it
was now time to break the news to amar
and he was not excited knowing tomorrow
what do you think are you crazy
huh I'm not wearing a nurse the point is
you guys are doing it you're wearing the
female cows Jewish I would love for us
to do that see but I can't be the nurse
but at this point and Marv had accepted
his fate well they have blessed sighs it
said my mom is gonna be like Oh Matt
like 23 years old and you're dressing up
nurse costume and published either world
and when it was time to put the costumes
on Matt and I could not stop laughing
oh my god last night I I was with Nelson
Mandela's wife today I'm in a nurse
costume you're ready to go but the
costume store was 10 blocks away from
Times Square which meant that Matt and
Ammar had to walk all the way wearing
their costumes
it's nine blocks destroyed in that box
that way after a few blocks we realize
we've been walking in the opposite
direction for full 10 minutes I've never
seen a Mart walk this fast in the rest
yeah I see a lot of people smiling and
we'll have to make people laugh let's go
squirt we finally got to Times Square
made sure we got the pose just right and
here we go
you were happy with our picture and our
friends were obviously as excited as us
to see amar wearing a nurse mr. Morrow's
a nurse movement day what he did was a
little cray-cray
shut up dude guys thank you so much for
watching and we'll see you next Monday
cool just give me a fool
I gotta go with you